inmate number 742 assigned to block 2 we
have been attempting to make this
dictionary the last 20 years and I
submit that's the extraordinary the
unconventional mr. Murray is the
solution and our salvation
the task is gigantic and impossible
there is a we will ask them to read in
search of the words that we want and get
them to write the word on a slip of
paper so this is a good doctor I'm proud
to make your acquaintance sir I cannot
believe my eyes
partners what for what
my entire life all that I pursued has
been in preparation for this do you
think I'm insane you do experience
yourself as being under threat I only
need books
our gathering so far we've only just
started
William minor will be struck for all
acknowledgments lease or freedom
the bad man can be redeemed
mr. cha cha if you believe that every
individual life deserves its own chance
I must have him free where he will
perish and I read I can fly out of his
place on the backs of books I've gone to
the end of the world on the wings apart
we are linked metal premise American
under Scott on Oxford one Yale Underland
unmanned which is which mr. Murray
we are watching with a concerned I watch
then and be amazed
[Music]